♪
PREVIOUSLY ON "HOW TO GET AWAY
WITH MURDER"...
Reporter: THE SEARCH CONTINUES
FOR LILA STANGARD.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THEY FOUND HER
IN ONE OF THOSE WATER TANKS.
Frank:
AFRAID YOU'LL KISS ME AGAIN
IF WE GET TOO CLOSE?
"NEVER HAPPENING AGAIN."
THAT GUY,
HE WAS JUST SEX.
OLIVER.
I SAID LEAVE!
YOU GET REBECCA BACK.
ARE YOU IN LOVE
WITH HER?
I NEED YOU
TO DO SOMETHING ELSE FOR ME.
WHATEVER YOU NEED.
MAN: Surveillance coverage of
O'Reilly for the last 48 hours.
GO TELL REBECCA
IT'S SAFE TO COME HOME.
I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD GO TO JAIL
FOR SOMETHING
YOU DIDN'T DO.
NO ONE'S EVER BELIEVED IN ME
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
COME IN.
Wes: YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
YOU'RE SAFE.
[ CROWD CHEERING ]
Michaela: [ Crying ]
HE'S DEAD. HE'S DEAD.
Connor: WE HAVE TO GO.
[ HEART BEATING ]
THERE.
GOOD ENOUGH
UNTIL WE GET YOU OUT OF HERE.
Connor:
WES! HURRY THE HELL UP!
COME ON.
WHAT?
THANK YOU.
IT'S GONNA BE FINE.
GRIFFIN CALLED ME
AROUND MIDNIGHT,
ASKED IF I HAD ANYTHING
I COULD SELL HIM.
SO I WENT TO THE FRAT HOUSE
AND SOLD HIM
SOME COKE AND MOLLY.
HE INVITED ME TO HANG OUT,
SO WE STARTED DRINKING,
DOING SOME LINES.
GRIFFIN SAID
HE HAD SOME POT,
SO WE WENT UP TO HIS ROOM
TO SMOKE A BOWL.
NEXT THING I KNOW,
WE'RE KISSING.
UM...
WE HAD JUST STARTED,
WHEN LILA CAME IN.
APPARENTLY, I TEXTED HER,
WHICH I HAVE NO MEMORY OF.
I JUST REMEMBER LILA YELLING,
HITTING ME.
GRIFFIN PULLED HER OFF.
I TRIED TO FIND HER TO EXPLAIN
WHAT HAPPENED AND APOLOGIZE,
BUT I COULDN'T,
UNTIL I GOT TO THE ROOF.
THEN I STRANGLED HER
AND STUFFED HER IN A WATER TANK.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, MY GOSH.
YOU GUYS ARE SO GULLIBLE.
REBECCA, TAKE THIS PREP
SERIOUSLY OR GO TO JAIL.
ISN'T IT KIND OF YOUR JOB TO
MAKE SURE THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN?
YOU SLUT,
WHITE-TRASH KILLER.
YOU MADE GRIFFIN
STRANGLE THAT GIRL ON THE ROOF.
YOU LIKED
WATCHING HER DIE
BECAUSE THAT'S
THE PIECE OF GARBAGE YOU ARE!
THAT'S WHAT EVERYONE
IN THE WORLD IS
GONNA SAY ABOUT YOU.
YOU DON'T CARE,
NEITHER DO I.
I'M NOT THE ONE THAT'S
GONNA BE BEATEN, RAPED,
AND VIOLATED IN JAIL.
THAT'S ON YOU.
SO, WHAT HAPPENED THE NIGHT
OF FRIDAY, AUGUST THE 29th?
START FROM THE BEGINNING.
MAYBE -- MAYBE WE SHOULD
TAKE A BREAK.
FIVE MINUTES,
AND THEN WE'LL START AGAIN.
AND ROMEO SAVES JULIET
AGAIN.
IT'S KIND OF SWEET.
[ SCOFFS ] IT'S INAPPROPRIATE
AND UNPROFESSIONAL AND CRAZY.
THEY GOT TO BE DOING THE NASTY
BY NOW, RIGHT?
ALTHOUGH, I-I CAN'T PICTURE
THE PUPPY THAT WAY.
Michaela:
WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO?
I PICTURE EVERYONE
HAVING SEX.
OH, HOW'S IT GOING WITH AIDEN,
BY THE WAY?
YOU TWO BREAK UP YET?
UNH!
LOOK AT ME LIKE THAT
AGAIN, AND I'LL FILE
A SEXUAL-HARASSMENT SUIT.
TURN ON THE NEWS.
WHAT IS IT?
SEX IS
OUT OF THE BAG.
Reporter: A WITNESS
HAS REVEALED NEW EVIDENCE
THAT REBECCA SUTTER
AND GRIFFIN O'REILLY
HAD SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
THE NIGHT THAT LILA STANGARD
WAS MURDERED.
THERE HAVE BEEN RUMORS
OF A RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN THE TWO CODEFENDANTS
BEFORE,
BUT NOW AN ANONYMOUS SOURCE
IS CLAIMING IT WAS MISS SUTTER
WHO INITIATED
THE PHYSICAL RELATIONSHIP,
AS MR. O'REILLY
HAD TAKEN A VOW OF VIRGINITY.
CALL THE JUDGE AND GET A HEARING
FOR A GAG ORDER.
PROOF OF A SEXUAL RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN THE TWO CODEFENDANTS
CERTAINLY GIVES MORE WEIGHT
TO THE PROSECUTION'S THEORY
THAT IT WAS MISS SUTTER
WHO MANIPULATED MR. O'REILLY
INTO KILLING HIS GIRLFRIEND.
YOU STILL FEEL LIKE
MAKING JOKES NOW?
WITH THIS EVIDENCE, IT'S
BEGINNING TO LOOK MORE AND MORE
LIKE THE STORY
OF A YOUNG LOVE TRIANGLE
GONE TRAGICALLY AWRY.
THE PROSECUTION
HAS LEAKED GOSSIP TO THE PRESS
IN ORDER
TO SLUT-SHAME MY CLIENT
AND POISON THE JURY POOL.
THAT IS
AN OFFENSIVE ACCUSATION.
...FOR AN IMMEDIATE GAG ORDER.
MS. KEATING IS SPECULATING,
YOUR HONOR.
SHE CAN MAKE ALL
THE WILD ALLEGATIONS SHE WANTS.
SLUTTER CLEANS UP
PRETTY NICE.
MY OFFICE HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH THIS LEAK.
REALLY?
"O'REILLY AND SUTTER
HAD SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
"WHILE HIGH ON COCAINE,
MARIJUANA,
AND METHAMPHETAMINES,"
AND THAT'S A DIRECT QUOTE
FROM THE DETECTIVE'S STATEMENT
IN DISCOVERY.
WHICH DOESN'T PROVE
THAT MY OFFICE WAS BEHIND IT.
IT COULD HAVE
JUST AS EASILY
BEEN MR. O'REILLY
AND HIS COUNSEL.
RIGHT,
BECAUSE RELEASING INFORMATION
THAT PAINTS MY CLIENT -- A
DEVOUT, BORN-AGAIN CHRISTIAN --
AS A DRUG-TAKING, SEX-CRAZED
JOCK SERVES OUR CASE HOW?
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHO LEAKED IT.
EVERYONE KNOWS
THAT IT'S THE WOMAN
WHO GETS VILIFIED
IN THESE SCENARIOS.
I MEAN,
LOOK AT THESE ARTICLES.
IT'S MY CLIENT'S FACE
SMEARED ACROSS THE FRONT PAGE,
NOT MR. O'REILLY'S.
AND THAT IS MY FAULT HOW?
I DON'T HAVE EDITORIAL CONTROL
OVER THE PAPERS.
Judge:
ENOUGH GRANDSTANDING.
HOWEVER THIS INFORMATION
GOT OUT --
AND THIS COURT WILL BE
INVESTIGATING JUST THAT --
THE PUBLIC'S APPETITE
FOR THIS CASE
COULD RESULT IN UNDUE BIAS
FOR THE CODEFENDANTS.
THEREFORE, I'M
GRANTING THE GAG ORDER.
AND FROM HERE ON OUT,
NONE OF YOU OR YOUR CLIENTS
SPEAK TO THE PRESS.
Keegan:
THANK YOU, YOUR HONOR.
NEXT CASE, BAILIFF.
ACTUALLY, YOUR HONOR,
THERE IS ONE OTHER MOTION
I'D LIKE TO SUBMIT.
IT'S TIME-SENSITIVE.
THIS IS A HEARING
FOR A GAG ORDER, YOUR HONOR.
WE'RE ALL HERE ALREADY.
GO AHEAD, MR. KEEGAN.
MY TEAM'S FORENSIC EXPERT
REVIEWED THE AUTOPSY PHOTOS
AND DISCOVERED
SEVERAL OVERLOOKED RED MARKS
ON THE SIDE
OF MISS STANGARD'S NECK.
HE'LL TESTIFY THAT THESE MARKS
ARE FINGERNAIL PUNCTURE WOUNDS
LEFT BY THE MURDERER.
SINCE MY CLIENT
IS A QUARTERBACK
AND KEEPS HIS NAILS
CLIPPED SHORT,
HE DID NOT LEAVE
THOSE MARKS.
WHAT IS THE MOTION,
YOUR HONOR?
OR IS MR. KEEGAN HERE
TO JUST TESTIFY?
WE MOVE TO EXHUME
MISS STANGARD'S BODY.
WE BELIEVE A SECOND AUTOPSY
WILL POINT TO REBECCA SUTTER
AS THE SOLE MURDERER.
YOUR HONOR,
HASN'T THE VICTIM'S FAMILY
MR. KEEGAN
IS MAKING OUTLANDISH REMARKS
SUFFERED ENOUGH ALREADY?
IN ORDER TO FUEL VITRIOL
ABOUT MY CLIENT!
THE TWO OF YOU
WILL HAVE PLENTY OF TIME
TO RIGHTEOUSLY OBJECT
AT THE HEARING TOMORROW MORNING.
WE ARE ADJOURNED.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
SO, THEY JUST
DIG UP HER BODY?
WON'T SHE HAVE TURNED TO JELLY
BY NOW?
THEY EMBALM CORPSES.
THE FORMALDEHYDE
SLOWS BACTERIAL DECAY.
I FIND IT SEXY/CREEPY
YOU KNOW STUFF LIKE THAT.
HEY. CONNOR.
HEY...
YOU DON'T REMEMBER
MY NAME.
NO, I TOTALLY DO.
UH...
WOW. AND I THOUGHT
I WAS A SLUT.
REALLY?
YOU'VE GOTTEN NAKED
WITH SO MANY BOYS
SINCE HACKER BROKE YOUR HEART,
YOU CAN'T EVEN REMEMBER
THEIR NAMES?
THE IMPORTANT THING IS,
THEY REMEMBER MINE.
PLAY ON, PLAYER.
Rebecca: I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
Griffin: HEY, YOU PLANTED
THAT PHONE IN MY CAR.
OKAY, LIKE I'D KNOW
HOW TO DO THAT.
YOU CAN'T EVEN BELIEVE
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
I'M LAUGHING
AT HOW DUMB YOU ARE.
YOU ALREADY CONFESSED
TO KILLING HER.
HOW DUMB ARE YOU TO THINK THAT
YOU'RE GONNA GET AWAY WITH THIS?
NO! WHOA, WHOA.
THAT'S THE TRAILER TRASH
I REMEMBER.
IS OUR -- IS OUR CODEFENDANT
HARASSING YOU?
BECAUSE I WOULD HATE
TO HAVE TO FILE ASSAULT CHARGES
AGAINST MISS SUTTER,
TOO.
HE INSTIGATED IT.
WELL, THAT'S NOT THE WAY
THE LAW WORKS, YOUNG MAN.
I TEACH MY STUDENTS THE LAW,
MR. KEEGAN -- NO ONE ELSE.
AND FROM
WHERE I WAS STANDING,
MY CLIENT WAS DEFENDING HERSELF
AGAINST MR. O'REILLY,
AND I HAVE WITNESSES HERE
WHO COULD TESTIFY TO THAT.
WELL, LET'S SAVE THE FUN
FOR THE COURTROOM, SHALL WE?
STAY CIVILIZED,
YOUNG LADY.
REBECCA, LET'S GO.
SHE'S A TERRORIST.
HONESTLY. IT --
[ SIGHS ]
IT MAKES ME GRATEFUL
FOR THE MISCARRIAGES.
ANNIE.
I'M SERIOUS.
IMAGINE HAVING
A CHILD LIKE THAT.
ASKING FOR THAT SECOND AUTOPSY
WAS A BRILLIANT MOVE,
AND I'D HAVE DONE IT MYSELF
IF I DIDN'T THINK
THAT THEY'D FIND EVIDENCE
AGAINST MY CLIENT,
WHICH -- LET'S FACE IT --
THEY PROBABLY WILL.
RELAX.
STOP.
Shh, shh,
shh, shh, shh.
YOU ARE WORKING SO HARD.
LET SOMEBODY
DO SOMETHING FOR YOU.
I SAID STOP.
I NEED MORE TIME.
[ SNIFFLES ]
YOU GET
ALL THE TIME YOU WANT.
I'LL BE HERE.
Frank: IT'S OUR JOB
TO KEEP THAT BODY IN THE GROUND.
FIRST, THAT MEANS TEARING
GRIFFIN'S FORENSIC EXPERT,
DR. ERIK TURNER,
A NEW ONE.
THESE ARE THE THOUSANDS
OF AUTOPSIES HE'S DONE.
GO THROUGH THEM.
FIND ANYTHING TO DISCREDIT HIM.
ALSO, COME UP
WITH ALTERNATIVE THEORIES
FOR THE MARKS
ON LILA'S NECK.
INSECT BITES,
ABRASION FROM THE WATER TANK --
POSTMORTEM DECAY.
ANYTHING THAT'S NOT
REBECCA'S FINGERNAILS.
IS IT OKAY IF I TAKE
A COUPLE HOURS OFF ON WEDNESDAY?
I JUST GOT A CALL
TO COME IN AND INTERVIEW
AT STERLING & WHITE.
YOU'RE MEETING
AT STERLING?
ISN'T IT A LITTLE EARLY
FOR SUMMER ASSOCIATE INTERVIEWS?
I GUESS THEY START
AT THE TOP OF THE CLASS
AND WORK THEIR WAY DOWN.
JUST BE QUICK ABOUT IT.
IT'S ALL HANDS ON DECK HERE.
EXACTLY. SHOULDN'T WE ALL
BE WORKING FULL TIME ON THIS?
RELAX, ROMEO. I'LL BE
BACK IN TIME TO HELP
OUT YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
SHE'S NOT MY G--
YEAH. WHATEVER YOU SAY.
WHAT AN ADORABLE SETUP.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
SPEAK OF THE DEVIL,
AND SHE SHALL APPEAR.
NO NEED FOR PLEASANTRIES.
WE BOTH KNOW
WHY I'M HERE.
WE DO?
THE CITY'S MEDICAL EXAMINER
PERFORMED A STANDARD AUTOPSY
THE FIRST TIME AROUND.
YOU DON'T WANT THIS MOTION GOING
THROUGH ANY MORE THAN I DO.
THE SURPRISE
OF THE UNKNOWN.
THE SPECTER
OF NEW EVIDENCE
UNDERMINING THE PROSECUTOR'S
WELL-LAID-OUT CASE.
YOU READ MY MIND.
WHAT'S THAT?
A SEALED FILE --
COMMONWEALTH v. HOLDEN.
IT'LL HELP YOU
DESTROY KEEGAN'S EXPERT.
WHY NOT USE IT YOURSELF?
IT'LL ALSO DISCREDIT
ABOUT A DOZEN OTHER CONVICTIONS
THE D.A.'s OFFICE WON
IN THE PAST FIVE YEARS --
NONE OF WHICH HAPPENED
UNDER MY WATCH, OF COURSE.
OF COURSE.
YOU'LL USE IT?
I GUESS
YOU'LL SEE IN COURT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
EXPERT WITNESSES
ARE THE DIRTY LITTLE SECRET
OF OUR JUSTICE SYSTEM.
WHAT MOST OF THE PUBLIC
DOESN'T KNOW
IS THAT IT'S LEGAL TO PAY
EXPERTS FOR THEIR TESTIMONY.
YOU SHELL OUT ENOUGH CASH,
AND YOU CAN GET THEM
TO SAY JUST ABOUT ANYTHING.
Turner: SO, THE SIZE, SHAPE, AND
CURVATURE OF THE PERFORATIONS
AND THE POSTMORTEM COLOR TINT
ALL SUPPORT MY CONCLUSION
THAT THESE ARE
FINGERNAIL PUNCTURE WOUNDS.
AND YOU BELIEVE
THAT THE BRUISING PATTERN HERE
POINTS TO HAND SIZE.
EXACTLY --
SOMEONE WITH SMALL HANDS.
THANK YOU, DR. TURNER.
NOTHING FURTHER.
HOW DO YOU COMBAT
THIS CORRUPTION
WITHIN THE EXPERT COMMUNITY?
YOU IMPEACH
THE EXPERT'S CREDIBILITY,
PREFERABLY BY POINTING OUT
ANY SKETCHY EVIDENCE
THEY PRESENTED IN THE PAST.
THROW SHADE AT THEM,
BASICALLY.
DR. TURNER, LET'S TALK ABOUT
COMMONWEALTH vs. HOLDEN,
A MURDER TRIAL THAT YOU PROVIDED
EXPERT TESTIMONY AT LAST YEAR
THAT HELPED CONVICT
THE DEFENDANT.
ACTUALLY,
I THINK THE FACT
THAT MR. HOLDEN WAS GUILTY
OF MURDER HELPED CONVICT HIM.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I HAVE AN INTERNAL REPORT
FROM THE D.A.'s OFFICE
THAT QUESTIONS THE METHODS
AND CONCLUSIONS OF YOUR WORK
IN THE HOLDEN CASE.
OBJECTION!
LACK OF FOUNDATION, YOUR HONOR.
I OBJECT, AS WELL.
I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS REPORT,
BUT EVEN IF IT CHECKS OUT,
IT'S HEARSAY.
IT FALLS SQUARELY WITHIN
THE BUSINESS-RECORDS EXCEPTION.
SO, LET'S ASK DR. TURNER
IF HE WAS MADE AWARE
OF THE REPORT --
PERHAPS WHEN THE D.A.'s OFFICE
BANNED YOU AS AN EXPERT WITNESS
BECAUSE
OF YOUR NEGLIGENT WORK?
ASSUMING FACTS NOT IN EVIDENCE,
YOUR HONOR.
COUNSEL IS TESTIFYING.
DR. TURNER, WERE YOU AWARE
SUCH A REPORT EXISTS?
YES, YOUR HONOR, BUT --
NOTHING FURTHER.
[ SPECTATORS MURMUR ]
Annalise:
NEXT, COUNTERATTACK.
FIND AN EXPERT
TO OUT-EXPERT YOUR OPPONENTS.
ISN'T IT POSSIBLE
THEY COULD BE INSECT BITES?
THERE'S A SPECIES
CALLED --
REDHEADS,
LIKE MISS STANGARD,
HAVE HUNDREDS OF FRECKLES,
BLEMISHES.
SOMETIMES,
A MARK IS JUST A MARK.
NOW,
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME --
THEY'RE TRYING TO PIN
THIS MURDER ON AN INNOCENT GIRL.
SO, PLEASE --
LOOK AT THE BOOK.
WHEN YOU PERFORMED
THE ORIGINAL AUTOPSY,
WHAT DID YOU THINK THE RED MARKS
ON LILA'S NECK WERE?
FRECKLES.
UPON FURTHER RESEARCH,
I NOW THINK
THEY'RE POSTMORTEM BITES
FROM INSECTS
OF THE CULICIDAE FAMILY.
IS THAT POSSIBLE,
GIVEN THAT LILA STANGARD'S BODY
WAS IN A WATER TANK
FOR SEVERAL DAYS?
THAT MAKES IT
EVEN MORE LIKELY.
THE CULEX SPECIES THRIVES
IN WATER-BASED ENVIRONMENTS.
NOTHING FURTHER.
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
Annalise: THERE'S ONE MORE WAY
TO BLOCK THE MOTION --
CONVINCE LILA'S PARENTS
TO MAKE A STATEMENT
AGAINST THE EXHUMATION.
YOU FIGURE THAT OUT,
AND YOU'LL GET A REWARD
BETTER THAN THE TROPHY.
Kan: NO,
YOU LISTEN TO ME, MA'AM.
T-THERE ARE RATS
CRAPPING ALL OVER HER APARTMENT,
SPREADING
GOD KNOWS WHAT DISEASES,
SO MAYBE HE SHOULD BE THE ONE
GETTING EVICTED.
HELLO?
TANYA'S EVICTION CASE?
THE COURT ISN'T LETTING
THE LANDLORD'S PREVIOUS
GRIEVANCES INTO EVIDENCE.
I THOUGHT DANIEL WAS GONNA
WRITE UP A MOTION ABOUT --
WELL, DAN GOT A JOB WITH
THE PUBLIC DEFENDER'S OFFICE.
TESS GOT A BOYFRIEND,
SO SHE STOPPED SHOWING UP.
I HAVE TO HIRE PEOPLE
TO REPLACE THEM,
BUT I DON'T HAVE ANY TIME
BECAUSE MY CLIENT
AND HER FOUR KIDS
ARE GOING TO BE
LIVING ON MY COUCH
IF I DON'T WIN THIS CASE.
REALLY?
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN
GIVE THEM YOUR BED?
HELLO.
HI.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW
WHO I COULD HIRE
WITHOUT
HAVING TO GIVE AN INTERVIEW?
I THOUGHT
YOU DIDN'T HIRE FIRST-YEARS.
WE DON'T.
'CAUSE THEY'RE NEVER
AS SMART AS YOU.
UH...
I KNOW. I KNOW --
YOU WOULD NEVER LEAVE KEATING.
I WOULDN'T?
I'M A DESPERATE MAN HERE.
DON'T GET MY HOPES UP.
LET ME...
LET ME THINK ABOUT IT.
OF COURSE, YEAH.
YOU KNOW, JUST SO YOU KNOW,
THEY, UH...
THEY FINALLY FIXED THE LOCK
ON MY OFFICE DOOR, SO...
SO, YOU KNOW, MAYBE...
SO...
DESSERT COULD BE...
[Laughing] SOMETHING.
[ LAUGHS ]
HERE'S A CASE WHERE THE COURT
RULED AGAINST EXHUMATION
ON RELIGIOUS GROUNDS.
IF THE STANGARDS
WERE RELIGIOUS, THEN --
THEY'RE NOT.
THAT'S WHY
THEY WERE SO WEIRDED OUT
WHEN SHE MADE THAT
VIRGINITY PACT WITH GRIFFIN.
[ SIGHS ]
HEY, WHAT ABOUT MEASURING
MY NAILS TO SEE IF THEY MATCH?
IF THEY DON'T,
WE CAN DO THAT WHOLE
"IF THE GLOVE DON'T FIT,
YOU MUST ACQUIT" THING.
O.J. TRIAL.
YEAH. IT'S...
IT'S JUST THAT --
OKAY. IT'S A STUPID IDEA.
NEVER MIND. I'LL SHUT UP.
NO,
IT'S NOT A STUPID IDEA.
DON'T PATRONIZE ME.
AND YES, I KNOW WHAT "PATRONIZE"
MEANS, FANCY IVY LEAGUE BOY.
YOU THINK
THAT I'VE SPENT MY WHOLE TIME
HANGING AROUND PLACES
LIKE MIDDLETON?
HOW WOULD I KNOW? YOU'RE, LIKE,
THE MOST PRIVATEST PERSON EVER.
I WENT
TO A COMMUNITY COLLEGE,
THEN GOT A DEGREE FROM
A NIGHT SCHOOL IN WILLOWICK.
WHERE THE HELL'S THAT?
EXACTLY.
I'M JUST SAYING,
YOU CAN DO SOMETHING AFTER THIS
THAT'S NOT DEALING DRUGS.
LIKE, GO TO COLLEGE,
LAW SCHOOL, EVEN.
YEAH.
AND THEN AFTER THAT,
I'LL RUN FOR OFFICE.
BE THE COUNTRY'S FIRST EX-JUVIE
DRUG-DEALER BARTENDER PRESIDENT.
I'M KIDDING.
I KNOW. I'LL STOP, OKAY?
STOP TRYING TO CHANGE YOU
OR WHATEVER THE HELL IT IS
YOU THINK I'M TRYING TO DO.
I'LL JUST
STOP TRYING TO HELP.
NO. DON'T.
YOU SHOULD KEEP TRYING.
I GOT TO GO.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
Wes: DON'T DO ANYTHING
UNTIL I'M BACK.
EVEN IF SOMEONE KNOCKS,
DON'T ANSWER
UNLESS YOU KNOW IT'S ME.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO
AS SOON AS WE MAKE A PLAN.
OKAY?
HE WANTED TO KILL ME.
I HAD NO OTHER CHOICE.
NO.
I HAD TO KILL HIM,
OR HE WAS GONNA KILL ME.
I SAW THE TROPHY
SITTING THERE.
NO.
I HIT HIM IN THE HEAD.
HE DESERVED TO DIE.
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THIS?
AND I'M GLAD HE'S DEAD.
STOP IT.
STOP IT!
NO!
LOOK, MY TRIAL'S
IN A COUPLE DAYS.
I'M ALREADY
GOING TO JAIL.
AND NOW YOU MIGHT, TOO,
BECAUSE OF ME,
AND I WILL KILL MYSELF
IF THAT HAPPENS.
SO, PLEASE -- PLEASE JUST LET ME
HELP YOU FOR ONCE.
THE ONLY THING
YOU CAN DO TO HELP RIGHT NOW
IS STAY IN THIS ROOM
AND NOT LEAVE.
I'LL BE BACK
AS SOON AS I CAN.
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
THANK YOU FOR COMING IN,
MISS PRATT.
YOU'RE AT, UH, MIDDLETON,
RIGHT?
YES.
I WAS ALSO ACCEPTED
AT YALE AND COLUMBIA,
BUT I FELT THAT MIDDLETON
WAS A BETTER FIT
FOR THE KIND OF
HANDS-ON EDUCATION I WANTED.
UH-HUH.
I'VE ADMIRED STERLING & WHITE'S
WORK FOR QUITE A WHILE NOW.
THE VISA
ANTITRUST LITIGATION
WAS A MASTER CLASS
ON INNOVATIVE TRIAL TECHNIQUES.
NO ONE TOLD YOU WHY YOU'RE HERE,
DID THEY?
YOU MEAN
WHO REFERRED ME?
I HATE
WHEN THIS HAPPENS.
THIS IS WHY YOU'RE HERE,
MISS PRATT.
WE REPRESENT
ROBERT AND MARY WALKER.
YOU'RE MARRYING THEIR SON AIDEN.
IS THAT RIGHT?
THIS IS A PRENUP.
IT'S FOR YOUR PROTECTION,
AS WELL.
Asher:
HOW'D THE BIG INTERVIEW GO?
IT WAS A REALLY GREAT
FIRST MEETING.
I WANT TO MEET
WITH OTHER FIRMS, THOUGH,
BEFORE I MAKE
A COMMITMENT.
THEY DIDN'T HIRE YOU
IN THE ROOM?
THAT'S A BAD SIGN.
Laurel:
AT LEAST SHE GOT IN THE ROOM.
MAYBE IF YOU STOPPED
STALKING YOUR EX ONLINE ALL DAY,
YOU'D ACTUALLY HAVE
SOME INTERVIEWS OF YOUR OWN.
YOU PEOPLE
ARE SO BORING.
I'M HUNGRY. FOOD?
I'M OKAY.
HEY, MR. DARCY.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
SO, THE TERRORIST
JUST HANGS OUT AT OUR HOUSE
IN HER FREE TIME NOW?
WE NEED TO KEEP A CLOSE EYE
ON HER UNTIL HER TRIAL --
KEEP HER FROM SABOTAGING
HER OWN CASE.
I MIGHT...
KNOW OF A WAY
TO HELP YOU
CONVINCE THE STANGARDS
TO OBJECT
TO THE SECOND AUTOPSY.
[ SIGHS ]
SOMETHING LILA TOLD YOU?
HER PARENTS
DIDN'T TRUST GRIFFIN.
HE WAS RELIGIOUS
AND PRESSURING LILA TO BE, TOO.
THEY WORRIED
HE WAS TRYING TO CONTROL HER,
THAT HE HAD
ULTERIOR MOTIVES.
SO, ANNALISE IS THE ONE
WHO SUGGESTED I COME WITH YOU?
SHE THOUGHT
WE NEEDED A WOMAN'S TOUCH.
DON'T THINK I DIDN'T TRY
TO TAKE MICHAELA INSTEAD.
IF WE'RE GONNA KEEP
WORKING WITH EACH OTHER,
IT CANNOT BE THIS WEIRD.
YOU TOLD ME TO BACK OFF,
AND NOW YOU WANT TO BE FRIENDS?
THIS ISN'T HIGH SCHOOL.
IF YOU DON'T LIKE ME,
THEN I DON'T LIKE YOU.
THAT'S HOW THIS WORKS.
FREAKIN' MILLENNIALS
AND YOUR DAMN ENTITLEMENT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HERE SHE COMES.
STAY CALM,
DO WHAT I SAID.
OOH! HI!
[ GASPS ]
OH, WHAT A CUTE PUPPY!
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
MR. CHIPS.
HE'S MR. CHIPS!
SO CUTE.
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED ONE
LIKE HIM.
YOU WORK
FOR THAT LAWYER.
I'VE SEEN YOU IN COURT.
MRS. STANGARD --
GET AWAY FROM ME.
PLEASE. JUST...
THERE'S AN ULTERIOR MOTIVE
TO DOING A SECOND AUTOPSY
ON LILA --
ONE THAT HELPS GRIFFIN.
HIS LAWYER'S DONE THIS BEFORE
IN THREE OF HIS OTHER CASES.
HE EXHUMED
HIS VICTIMS' BODIES,
AND EACH TIME,
HIS CLIENT WENT FREE.
AND IF YOU LET THAT
HAPPEN AGAIN,
THE PAIN
YOU AND YOUR FAMILY WILL ENDURE
AS YOUR DAUGHTER
IS PULLED OUT OF THE GROUND,
THAT WILL ALL
BE FOR NOTHING,
BECAUSE
THIS ONLY HELPS GRIFFIN.
THE IDEA OF LILA
ON THAT TABLE --
I-I DIDN'T WANT TO THINK
OF WHAT THEY DID TO HER.
BUT THEN WE GOT TO
PUT HER TO REST -- FINALLY.
AND NOW THIS MAN --
HE PRETENDS
HE WANTS TO FIND THE TRUTH,
WHICH IS A LIE.
HE WANTS
TO CONFUSE THE EVIDENCE,
TO ENSURE THAT NO JURY WILL EVER
CONVICT GRIFFIN OR HER,
THESE TWO MONSTERS,
OF KILLING OUR DAUGHTER...
[ SOBS ]
[ Voice breaking ]
...LIKE ANIMALS.
[ Crying ]
THEY MURDERED MY BABY GIRL.
[ SIGHS ]
SO...[ SNIFFLES ]
...I'M BEGGING THE COURT --
PLEASE --
MY LITTLE GIRL
HAS BEEN THROUGH ENOUGH.
JUST LET HER REST IN PEACE.
I KNOW THAT WAS TOUGH,
BUT SHE SAID WHAT WE NEEDED
TO BLOCK THE EXHUMATION.
IT'S OKAY.
[ SNIFFLES ]
SHE WAS MY FRIEND,
OKAY?
[ SIGHS SHAKILY ]
I DON'T CARE
WHAT THAT WOMAN SAID.
SHE WAS MY FRIEND, AND --
[ SNIFFLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
WHATEVER.
Michaela: LOOKS LIKE
THERE'S TROUBLE IN PARADISE.
SOME GUYS CAN ONLY GET IT UP
FOR CRAZY.
MYSTERY MAN'S COMING.
YOU FORGOT HIS NAME,
AND HE'S STILL INTO YOU?
WHAT DO YOU HAVE,
SOME SORT OF VOODOO PENIS?
SEE YOU
BACK AT THE HOUSE.
I'M SO FREAKIN' MAD
I WASN'T BORN GAY.
JULIEN.
YOU REMEMBERED.
HERE'S WHAT I THINK.
THERE'S A BAR
ACROSS THE STREET.
LET ME BUY YOU A DRINK,
AND IF I PROVE WORTHY OF
YOUR TIME, WE MOVE INTO DINNER.
A DATE.
YEAH. [ CHUCKLES ]
SO, YOU ALSO FORGOT
THAT I HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
WELL, THIS COULDN'T GET
ANY MORE EMBARRASSING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
RELAX.
WE MET ON HumpR.
I BARELY REMEMBER,
TOO.
HOW ABOUT
I MAKE YOU REMEMBER?
AH, OKAY.
NOW I DEFINITELY REMEMBER.
[ GROANS ]
THOUGHT YOU COULD USE
A DRINK.
VODKA MARTINI,
TWIST OF LEMON.
YOU'RE NOT HAVING ONE?
I'LL HAVE ONE
WITH DINNER.
YOU HUNGRY?
I CAN MAKE SOMETHING.
MNH.
I HAVE TO DRAFT THIS MOTION
IN LIMINE.
I'LL BE HERE
WHEN YOU'RE DONE.
SAM.
MRS. STANGARD MADE A STATEMENT
AGAINST THE EXHUMATION, SO...
...THANK YOU.
Bailiff:
PLEASE BE SEATED.
MS. PARKS, I UNDERSTAND
YOU HAVE A REQUEST.
YES, YOUR HONOR.
GIVEN THE CONFLICTING TESTIMONY
PRESENTED SO FAR,
I FELT COMPELLED
TO HIRE OUR OWN EXPERT,
WHO CAME
TO THE SAME CONCLUSION
THAT THE RED MARKS
ON THE VICTIM'S NECK
ARE CONSISTENT
WITH FINGERNAIL PUNCTURE MARKS
CAUSED BY A WOMAN.
What the hell
are you doing?
I WOULD LIKE TO SUBMIT
THESE SIGNED AFFIDAVITS
INTO TESTIMONY.
YOUR HONOR,
I FIND IT VERY SUSPICIOUS
THAT MS. PARKS
HAS SUDDENLY CHANGED
HER POINT OF VIEW
ON THIS MOTION.
I HAD TO, YOUR HONOR.
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
UNETHICAL
NOT TO REPORT
THESE NEW FINDINGS.
LET'S REVIEW THE NEW EVIDENCE
AND ADJOURN UNTIL TOMORROW.
NEXT CASE, BAILIFF.
WHAT --
W-WHY DID SHE FLIP?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'LL FIND OUT.
[ CAR DOOR OPENS ]
THANK YOU
FOR MEETING ME.
WHAT DO YOU NEED?
WENDY PARKS TURNED ON ME TODAY
IN COURT.
YOU WANT ME
TO HELP YOU FIGURE OUT WHY?
IT'S NOT HELPING ME.
IT'S HELPING MY CLIENT.
YOU MEAN YOUR HUSBAND.
I KNOW YOU'RE ANGRY,
AND I UNDERSTAND THAT,
BUT...
HE DIDN'T DO IT.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT.
YOU PLANTED LILA'S PHONE
IN GRIFFIN'S CAR.
WHAT?
YOU SURPRISED
SOMEONE'S ONTO YOUR TRICKS?
YOU SHOULD GO.
[ CAR DOOR CLOSES ]
I TRIED
TO GIVE YOU AN OUT.
DON'T FORGET THAT
WHEN THIS ALL GOES TO HELL.
Wes: DON'T DO ANYTHING
UNTIL I'M BACK.
[ WOMAN TALKING INDISTINCTLY ]
[ BABY CRYING ]
[ FOOTSTEPS ]
[ SIREN WAILING ]
[ VOICES OVERLAPPING ]
[ TV SHUTS OFF ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ Ringing ]
DISPATCHER: 911.
What's your emergency?
Hello?
911.
What's your emergency?
Are you okay?
I'M SORRY.
THIS -- THIS IS A PRANK CALL.
[ SIGHS ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
[ RINGING CONTINUES ]
HELLO?
WES: It's me.
Don't worry.
It's a new phone.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YOU SHOULDN'T BE CALLING.
I know.
BUT I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU
we're taking care of it.
They didn't want to at first,
but I got them to come around.
WE'RE GONNA PROTECT YOU.
Bonnie: THE FASTEST WAY
TO UNCOVER SOMEONE'S SECRETS --
GET THEIR ASSISTANT TO TALK.
THE COUNTY EMPLOYEE DIRECTORY
LISTS WENDY PARKS' ASSISTANT
AS ALLY BURNHAM.
OOH! BO-O-O-ING!
ALLY AND THE REST OF THE GIRLS
WHO WORK AT THE D.A.'s OFFICE
HANG OUT
AT THE THIRSTY WHALE.
GO DOWN THERE, FLIRT,
FIND OUT WHY SHE CHANGED
HER MIND ON THE MOTION.
ALL RIGHT. SO WE FIND ALLY
AND WE...PUMP HER, SO TO SPEAK.
ON IT.
CONNOR AND WES,
YOU GO, TOO.
WHAT DO
I NEED THEM FOR?
THIS WORKS ON WOMEN
AS WELL AS MEN.
HE'S RIGHT.
HEY, CAN I GO, TOO?
I'M REALLY GOOD
AT FLIRTING WITH GIRLS.
I'M SURE.
YOU STAY HERE WITH US.
GIRLS' NIGHT.
WHOO-HOO.
Laurel:
IT'S A BIG DECISION.
I JUST --
I...NEED A LITTLE BIT MORE TIME.
OKAY. I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I'M LEAVING.
YEAH, SURE.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT THEN.
YOU THINK
WE'RE GONNA LOSE MY CASE?
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE THINKING
OF TAKING ANOTHER JOB, RIGHT?
SO YOU DON'T GO DOWN
WITH THE SHIP.
NO, THAT'S NOT --
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT --
THAT WAS KAN,
AND HE WANTS TO KNOW
IF YOU'RE GONNA TAKE THE JOB
AT LEGAL AID.
AND YOU HAVEN'T DECIDED
BECAUSE EITHER YOU ACTUALLY LIKE
THIS WEIRDO OFFICE
OR YOU JUST NEED
TO PUT A LITTLE DISTANCE
BETWEEN YOU AND THE HOT ASS
IN THE THREE-PIECE --
DON'T...TELL ANYONE.
I'M SERIOUS.
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET.
DECIDED WHAT?
NOTHING.
SHE WANTS TO LEAVE
AND TAKE A JOB
WITH HER BOYFRIEND.
REBECCA!
Michaela: YOU IDIOT.
THERE ARE A MILLION AND ONE
LEGAL AID CLINICS
AND ONLY ONE ANNALISE.
I KNOW THAT! OKAY?
JUST DON'T TELL ANYONE.
AND WHAT IF I DO?
SHE'LL TELL EVERYONE YOUR FIANCé
WANTS YOU TO SIGN A PRENUP.
[ GASPS ]
IT WAS
STICKING OUT OF YOUR BAG.
AIDEN GAVE YOU A PRENUP?
HIS MOTHER DID.
AND WE ARE NOT
TALKING ABOUT THIS.
FINE. AS LONG AS YOU DON'T TALK
ABOUT THE KAN THING.
YOU, TOO.
DEAL.
IF BOTH OF YOU
STOP TALKING ABOUT ME AND WES.
WE'RE NOT SCREWING.
I KNOW THAT'S WHAT YOU ALL
THINK, BUT WE'RE NOT, SO...
FINE.
OKAY.
GREAT.
[ Slurring ] I ACTUALLY JUST GOT
OUT OF A RELATIONSHIP MYSELF.
OH.
WHAT WAS HER NAME?
OLIVE.
WHAT HAPPENED?
SHE BREAK YOUR HEART?
IT'S WORSE.
I, UM,
I ACTUALLY CHEATED ON HER,
AND SHE FOUND OUT,
SO...
SO, UH, ALLY,
YOU WERE SAYING
YOU WORK
AT THE D.A.'s OFFICE.
WHAT'S THAT LIKE?
HEY, RUDE GUY, WE ARE ACTUALLY
IN THE MIDDLE OF A CONVERSATION.
THANKS.
SO, I KNOW
THAT I SHOULD APOLOGIZE,
BUT I --
I MEAN, IS THERE ANYTHING
THAT I CAN ACTUALLY SAY
THAT -- THAT -- THAT'LL FIX IT?
I MEAN,
I-I SCREWED UP BIG-TIME,
AND HE -- S-SHE --
SHE HATES ME.
I MEAN, I GET IT --
I'M THE BAD GUY.
TOLD YOU HE WOULDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO WITH THE LADIES.
Wes: HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE
GETTING INFORMATION,
BUT INSTEAD, HE'S TALKING
ABOUT HIS BOYFRIEND.
SO GET IN THERE
AND SHUT HIM UP.
HELLS NO.
ANNALISE FINALLY LETS US LOOSE.
I'M GETTING SOME TONIGHT.
TIME TO RELEASE
THE KRAKEN!
I'M TALKING
ABOUT MY DINGUS.
YEAH.
THE OLD DISCO STICK.
THE MILLSTONE MEATSICLE.
MMM!
OH, YEAH.
I SEE YOU, NERDY GIRL WHO
PROBABLY STILL LOOKS HOT NAKED.
I MEAN...I DON'T KNOW.
YOU COULD GIVE HER FLOWERS.
GIRLS GET AMNESIA
THE MINUTE YOU DO THAT.
WE'LL FORGIVE YOU
THE WORLD.
HEY. UH, I SEEM TO HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH MY PHONE.
YOUR NUMBER'S NOT IN IT.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
[ Slurring ]
HER NAME'S NATASHA.
MAYBE...IT'S BRENDA.
WHY AM I THINKING
"JAMIE"?
ARE YOU DRUNK?
NO. [ SCOFFS ]
WAIT --
DID YOU SAY "DRU--"
YEAH. [ SCOFFS ]
HAMMERED.
ANYWAY,
SHE TEMPS AT THE D.A.'s OFFICE
AND SAID WENDY PARKS AND KEEGAN
WORKED OUT A PLEA DEAL,
BUT ONLY IF PARKS SUPPORTED
THE EXHUMATION.
SO, GRIFFIN GETS OFF
IF HE TESTIFIES AGAINST REBECCA,
AND THE D.A.
GETS A CONVICTION.
YOU TWO CAN GO.
WAIT --
DON'T WE GET A PRIZE?
SHE SAID LEAVE.
WE COULD GO
TO THE JUDGE,
TELL HER THERE'S BEEN COLLUSION
BETWEEN PARKS AND KEEGAN,
THEY'RE SUBORNING PERJURY --
SOMETHING.
NO.
MAYBE
THERE'S ANOTHER WAY.
SHE CAN LET HIM WALK FREE, JUST
LIKE THAT? HOW IS THAT LEGAL?
THE D.A. IS ALLOWED TO
OFFER WHATEVER PLEA DEAL
SHE WANTS TO YOU OR GRIFFIN.
THE ONLY WAY TO STOP THAT DEAL
IS TO GET HER TO RESCIND IT.
WHY WOULD SHE DO THAT?
SHE WOULDN'T.
UNLESS WE LEAK
TO THE PRESS
SOMETHING SO DEPLORABLE
ABOUT GRIFFIN
THAT IT WOULD MAKE IT
POLITICALLY IMPOSSIBLE
FOR HER TO MOVE FORWARD
WITH THE DEAL.
WE CAN'T LEAK ANYTHING
TO THE PRESS.
THERE'S A GAG ORDER.
YES.
WHAT IF I LEAK IT?
THE JUDGE WILL HOLD YOU
IN CONTEMPT.
I CAN JUST SAY I DON'T KNOW
WHAT A GAG ORDER IS.
BUT YOU DO.
LET MY CLIENT SPEAK FOR HERSELF,
MR. GIBBINS.
SO, TELL ME AGAIN
ABOUT THE NIGHT
YOU AND GRIFFIN
SLEPT TOGETHER.
Parks: THEY VIOLATED
THEIR OWN GAG ORDER, YOUR HONOR.
Keegan: AND SLANDERED MY CLIENT
IN THE PROCESS.
MY CLIENT
IS 21 YEARS OLD.
SHE HAD NO IDEA
SHE WAS DISOBEYING THE LAW
OH, COME ON!
WHEN THE JOURNALIST
APPROACHED HER.
IT'S A FLAGRANT VIOLATION
OF THE GAG ORDER
AND A DELIBERATE ATTEMPT
TO SUBVERT THE PLEA AGREEMENT
THE D.A.
OFFERED MY CLIENT.
YOU MADE A PLEA DEAL?
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE FULL OF CRAP,
MS. KEATING.
Judge:
SETTLE DOWN, MR. KEEGAN.
MS. PARKS,
WAS THERE A DEAL?
DUE TO MISS SUTTER'S
CONVENIENT ACCUSATION
THAT MR. O'REILLY
RAPED HER,
WE HAVE CEASED CONVERSATION
ABOUT A PLEA.
BECAUSE SHE WAS AFRAID
OF PUBLIC PRESSURE.
MY CLIENT
IS ENTITLED TO THAT DEAL.
JUST LIKE
HE WAS ENTITLED
TO PHYSICALLY VIOLATE
MY CLIENT'S BODY?
STRIKE FROM THE RECORD!
THERE'S NO JURY HERE,
MR. KEEGAN.
MS. KEATING, I'M SANCTIONING YOU
FOR THE GAG-ORDER VIOLATION.
IF I FIND YOU INSTRUCTED
YOUR CLIENT TO BREAK THE ORDER,
I'LL ENSURE THE STATE BAR
LAUNCHES A DISCIPLINARY HEARING.
WE'LL COOPERATE FULLY.
NOW, REGARDING EXHUMATION.
GIVEN THE NUMEROUS ALLEGATIONS
OF ERRORS BEING MADE
ABOUT THE ORIGINAL AUTOPSY,
I'M GRANTING THE MOTION
AND ORDERING MISS STANGARD'S
BODY BE EXHUMED IMMEDIATELY.
[ SPECTATORS MURMURING ]
A NEW MEDICAL EXAMINER
OF MY CHOOSING
WILL BE CONDUCTING
A FULL EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL
SECOND AUTOPSY.
NO MORE ARGUMENTS
ABOUT MISSED EVIDENCE.
AFTERWARDS, SEALED REPORTS WILL
BE DELIVERED TO ALL PARTIES.
I GOT TO HAND IT TO YOU.
THE RAPE WAS A NICE TOUCH.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU TRY
AND TAKE THE EASY ROAD.
EXCUSE ME?
YOU DON'T CARE
WHO KILLED LILA.
YOU JUST THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE EASIER
TO CONVICT
THE TOWNIE SLUT
RATHER THAN
THE VIRGIN QUARTERBACK.
OR I JUST KNOW
YOUR CLIENT DID IT.
I'D SAY A PRAYER
THOSE AREN'T HER NAILS
ON THAT POOR GIRL'S NECK.
PRAYERS ARE FOR THE WEAK.
I'LL STICK TO
BEATING YOUR ASS IN COURT.
HEY.
HEY!
YOU DIDN'T WAIT FOR ME
AT THE COURTHOUSE.
I HAVE TO STUDY.
EXAMS ARE COMING UP.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
SERIOUSLY?
YOU'RE THAT MAD AT ME?
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WOW. REALLY?
THE SILENT TREATMENT?
OKAY.
YOU ARE SUCH A GUY RIGHT NOW,
I'M ACTUALLY KIND OF IMPRESSED.
WHO --
YOU THINK I'M MESSED UP?
THAT'S YOU.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WITH NO LIFE.
OTHERWISE,
WHY GET SO OBSESSED WITH MINE?
WHO MADE YOU THIS WAY?
W-WAS IT YOUR MOM?
WAS SHE AN ALCOHOLIC
AND YOU MISS THE DRAMA?
DID YOUR DAD HIT HER?
WHAT?
I MEAN, WHO MADE YOU FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE NOT AN ACTUAL PERSON
UNLESS YOU ARE FIXING
SOMEONE ELSE'S MESS?
I'M NOT TRYING TO FIX YOU.
I'M TRYING TO HELP YOU.
BUT IF YOU DON'T WANT THAT,
I'LL STOP.
YOU CAN LIE ON THE STAND,
CALL PEOPLE RAPISTS --
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
JUST DON'T SAY I'M MESSED UP
BECAUSE I WANTED TO HELP YOU.
WE SHOULDN'T DO THIS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
[ FUJIYA & MIYAGI'S
"VAGARIES OF FASHION" PLAYS ]
♪ THEY KEEP PICKING THE SCABS
'ROUND THE EDGES ♪
♪ TILL IT BLEEDS CRIMSON RED ♪
♪ THE CRACKS CONCRETE GRAY ♪
♪ CRACKS CONCRETE GRAY ♪
♪ SHE IGNORED
THE VAGARIES OF FASHION ♪
♪ WHICH CAN'T HAVE ESCAPED
EVEN YOUR ATTENTION ♪
♪ YOUR ATTENTION ♪
YOU WERE BORN IN OHIO.
WILLOWICK'S IN OHIO.
I LOOKED IT UP.
YOU DON'T SEEM
VERY OHIO.
EXCEPT FOR THE DOPEY SMILE YOU
HAVE ON YOUR FACE ALL THE TIME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I WASN'T BORN IN OHIO.
I WAS BORN IN HAITI.
MY MOM MOVED US HERE
WHEN I WAS 1.
I WAS THE ONLY BLACK KID
IN OUR TOWN.
EVERYONE WANTED ME TO BE GOOD
AT BASKETBALL, BUT I SUCKED.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'M ALLERGIC TO PEANUTS.
I HAVE A REALLY BAD
SENSE OF DIRECTION.
MY MOM KILLED HERSELF
WHEN I WAS 12.
I HATE SUPERHERO MOVIES
'CAUSE I --
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WES.
SHE WAS SWEET...
FUNNY.
MESSED UP, TOO.
IT SUCKED.
MY FAVORITE ICE CREAM
IS MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP.
I'VE NEVER BEEN
TO EUROPE.
I'M AFRAID OF HEIGHTS.
SOMEDAY, I WANT A DOG,
BUT NOT FROM A BREEDER --
THE POUND.
[ SIGHS ]
I...
UH...
[ DOOR OPENS ]
HI.
HEY.
SORRY. I-I-I USED TO...
KNOW A GUY THAT LIVED HERE.
OLIVER.
HE'S IN THE SHOWER.
THOSE FOR HIM?
UH...
I'LL GO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
CONNOR, RIGHT?
HEY, I DON'T WANT
TO CAUSE ANY TROUBLE --
I'M SURE.
LOOK, IF YOU CARE
ABOUT THE GUY AT ALL,
DON'T EVER
COME BACK HERE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
Frank: HEY.
IT'S YOUR LAST DAY. YOU'RE NOT
EVEN GONNA SAY GOODBYE?
REBECCA TOLD ME ABOUT YOU
GOING TO WORK AT LEGAL AID.
OH, MY GOD.
I HATE HER.
I'M CONSIDERING
GOING TO LEGAL AID.
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET.
IS THIS
ABOUT ME BEING A JERK?
'CAUSE I'LL STOP.
DON'T THROW AWAY A GREAT
OPPORTUNITY 'CAUSE OF ME.
IT WAS ONE STUPID KISS.
THAT'S IT.
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE
BETWEEN US.
REALLY?
YOU MEAN THAT?
THERE'S NOTHING?
OF COURSE
I DON'T MEAN IT.
I THINK ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME.
IT'S FREAKIN' ANNOYING.
BUT I'LL GET OVER IT.
SO DON'T QUIT
'CAUSE OF ME.
I'LL BE NORMAL AGAIN SOON.
I PROMISE.
WHAT IF I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GET OVER IT?
[ AVID DANCER'S
"ALL THE OTHER GIRLS" PLAYS ]
♪ ALL SHE EVER WANTED ♪
WHAT KIND
OF CONVENIENCE STORE
DOESN'T HAVE
MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP?
THAT IS MESSED UP.
WE DON'T KNOW
EACH OTHER.
I USED TO WORK
FOR PHILLY P.D.
NAME'S NATE.
MY BOYFRIEND'S
IN THE CAR.
I KNOW
YOU DIDN'T KILL LILA STANGARD.
AND WE BOTH KNOW
WHO DID.
HELP ME CATCH HIM.
[ SIGHS ]
THE TRIAL'S SOON.
MNH-MNH. YOU'RE NOT GONNA
SOLVE ANYTHING TONIGHT.
TURN IT OFF.
LET'S GO TO SLEEP.
♪ ALL SHE EVER WANTED ♪
♪ WAS ANOTHER FRIEND ♪
♪ ALL I EVER WANTED ♪
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
IT'S BONNIE.
SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
♪ ALL SHE EVER WANTED ♪
♪ WAS ANOTHER FRIEND ♪
I JUST GOT A CALL
FROM MY CONTACT
AT THE MEDICAL EXAMINER'S
OFFICE.
THE MARKS ON LILA'S NECK
WEREN'T FINGERNAILS.
THEY'RE ANT BITES.
WELL,
THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
WHAT ELSE?
SAY IT.
THEY MISSED SOMETHING
IN THE FIRST AUTOPSY.
LILA WAS
SIX WEEKS PREGNANT.
♪ I THINK SHE'S PRETTIER THAN ♪
♪ ALL THE OTHER GIRLS ♪